51
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. - John F. Kennedy
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. - Abraham Lincoln
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. - Anthony Robbins
It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - J. K. Rowling
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein
The opposite of love is not hate; it's indifference. - Elie Wiesel
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. - Babe Ruth
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. - George S. Patton
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. - Maya Angelou
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. - Bruce Lee
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. - Wayne Gretzky
In order to write about life first you must live it. - Ernest Hemingway
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation. - Voltaire
The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. - Bil Keane
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas A. Edison
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down. - Abraham Lincoln
Always do right. This will gratify some people, and astonish the rest. - Mark Twain
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious. - Alfred North Whitehead
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. - Winston Churchill
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. - Isaac Newton
Reading maketh a full man, conference a ready man, and writing an exact man. - Francis Bacon
Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens. - Daniel Webster
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. - Ben Franklin
He that goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing. - Ben Franklin
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. - Edward Gibbon
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing. - Alexander Hamilton
When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public property. - Thomas Jefferson
Nothing can come out of nothing, any more than a thing can go back to nothing. - Marcus Aurelius
The moon looks On many brooks, "The brook can see no moon but this." - Thomas Moore
My only books Were woman's looks,-- And folly's all they've taught me. - Thomas Moore
All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, and God the soul. - Alexander Pope
If she seem not chaste to me, What care I how chaste she be? - Sir Walter Raleigh
Just at the age 'twixt boy and youth, When thought is speech, and speech is truth. - Sir Walter Scott
Lord! I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing. - Jonathan Swift
I've suffered from all of the hang-ups known, And none is as bad as the telephone.  - Richard Armour
It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead. - Kurt Vonnegut
In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes. - Andy Warhol
I hate television. I hate it as much as peanuts. But I can't stop eating peanuts. - Orson Welles
A comedian is not a man who says funny things. A comedian is one who says things funny. - Ed Wynn
If you can't say something good about someone, sit right here by me. - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you! - Nikita Khrushchev